[Hyperdrive] Update limits.md (#13766)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/hyperdrive/platform/limits.md

| Initial connection timeout                     | 15 seconds                                                                           |
| Idle connection timeout                        | 10 minutes                                                                           |
| Maximum cached query response size             | 50 MB                                                                                |
| Maximum query (statement) duration             | 60 seconds                                                                           |
| Maximum username length                        | 63 characters (bytes) <sup>2</sup>                                                   |
| Maximum database name length                   | 63 characters (bytes) <sup>2</sup>                                                   |
| Maximum origin database connections per region | 10-20                                                                                |
| Maximum potential origin connections           | 10 \* number of regions serving traffic (approx. ~80 - 100 connections) <sup>3</sup> |

> <sup>1</sup> This can be increased on-asking for Enterprise customers. Refer to the limit increase form on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>1</sup> Enterprise customers can request an increase. Submit a [Limit Increase Request Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd_fwAVOboH9SlutMonzbhCxuuuOmiU1L_I5O2CFbXf_XXMRg/viewform) and we will contact you with the next steps.
```
